streamaggr: fix sum_samples_total non-monotonic output with enable_windows (#11262)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): allow overriding `max_scrape_size` on a per-target basis via the `__max_scrape_size__` label during target relabeling. See [#11188](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11188).
* FEATURE: [vmstorage](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): add `-maxBackfillAge` command-line flag for limiting ingestion of samples with historical timestamps, for example, when older data has been moved between storage tiers (nvme/hdd, hot/cold). See [#11199](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11199). Thanks to @AshwinRamaniPsg for contribution.

> * BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/): fix [sum_samples_total](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/configuration/#sum_samples_total) producing non-monotonic and undercounted output when `enable_windows: true` is set. Previously, the blue and green aggregation windows maintained independent cumulative sums and alternately wrote them under the same metric name, causing repeated, undercounted, or decreasing values. See [#11261](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11261).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/): fix incorrect [sum_samples_total](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/configuration/#sum_samples_total) results when `enable_windows: true` is set. See [#11261](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11261). Thanks to @beyond-infra for contribution.
```
Let's keep the changlog simple without too many technical details.
